[Music]
[Music] now there was a famine in the days of
now there was a famine in the days of
now there was a famine in the days of David for three years year after year
David for three years year after year
David for three years year after year and David inquired of the Lord and the
and David inquired of the Lord and the
and David inquired of the Lord and the Lord answered it is because of Saul and
Lord answered it is because of Saul and
Lord answered it is because of Saul and his bloodthirsty hoes because he killed
his bloodthirsty hoes because he killed
his bloodthirsty hoes because he killed the Gibeonites so the king called the
the Gibeonites so the king called the
the Gibeonites so the king called the Gibeonites and spoke to them
Gibeonites and spoke to them
Gibeonites and spoke to them now the Gibeonites were not of the
now the Gibeonites were not of the
now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel but of the remnant of
children of Israel but of the remnant of
children of Israel but of the remnant of the amorite the children of Israel had
the amorite the children of Israel had
the amorite the children of Israel had sworn protection to them but Saul had
sworn protection to them but Saul had
sworn protection to them but Saul had sought to kill them in his zeal for the
sought to kill them in his zeal for the
sought to kill them in his zeal for the children of Israel and Judah
children of Israel and Judah
children of Israel and Judah therefore David said to the Gibeonites
therefore David said to the Gibeonites
therefore David said to the Gibeonites what shall I do for you and with what
what shall I do for you and with what
what shall I do for you and with what shall I make atonement that you may
shall I make atonement that you may
shall I make atonement that you may bless the inheritance of the Lord we
bless the inheritance of the Lord we
bless the inheritance of the Lord we will have no silver or gold from Saul or
will have no silver or gold from Saul or
will have no silver or gold from Saul or from his house nor shall you kill any
from his house nor shall you kill any
from his house nor shall you kill any man in Israel for us whatever you say I
man in Israel for us whatever you say I
man in Israel for us whatever you say I will do for you as for the man who
will do for you as for the man who
will do for you as for the man who consumed us and plotted against us that
consumed us and plotted against us that
consumed us and plotted against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in
we should be destroyed from remaining in
we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the territories of Israel let
any of the territories of Israel let
any of the territories of Israel let seven men of his descendants be
seven men of his descendants be
seven men of his descendants be delivered to us and we will hang them
delivered to us and we will hang them
delivered to us and we will hang them before the Lord in Gibeah of Saul whom
before the Lord in Gibeah of Saul whom
before the Lord in Gibeah of Saul whom the Lord chose I will give him but the
the Lord chose I will give him but the
the Lord chose I will give him but the king spared Mephibosheth the son of
king spared Mephibosheth the son of
king spared Mephibosheth the son of Jonathan the son of Saul because of the
Jonathan the son of Saul because of the
Jonathan the son of Saul because of the Lord's earth that was between them
Lord's earth that was between them
Lord's earth that was between them between David and Jonathan the son of
between David and Jonathan the son of
between David and Jonathan the son of Saul so the king took a Monet and
Saul so the king took a Monet and
Saul so the king took a Monet and Mephibosheth the two sons of Risborough
Mephibosheth the two sons of Risborough
Mephibosheth the two sons of Risborough the daughter of ager whom she bought a
the daughter of ager whom she bought a
the daughter of ager whom she bought a soul and the five sons of Michael the
soul and the five sons of Michael the
soul and the five sons of Michael the daughter of Saul whom she brought up the
daughter of Saul whom she brought up the
daughter of Saul whom she brought up the Adriel the son of Barzillai the mahalo
Adriel the son of Barzillai the mahalo
Adriel the son of Barzillai the mahalo fight and he delivered them into the
fight and he delivered them into the
fight and he delivered them into the hands of the Gibeonites and they hanged
hands of the Gibeonites and they hanged
hands of the Gibeonites and they hanged them on the hill before the Lord
them on the hill before the Lord
them on the hill before the Lord so they fell all seven together and were
so they fell all seven together and were
so they fell all seven together and were put to death in the days of harvest
put to death in the days of harvest
put to death in the days of harvest in the first days in the beginning of
in the first days in the beginning of
in the first days in the beginning of barley harvest now rispa the daughter of
barley harvest now rispa the daughter of
barley harvest now rispa the daughter of ager took sackcloth and spread it for
ager took sackcloth and spread it for
ager took sackcloth and spread it for herself on the rock from the beginning
herself on the rock from the beginning
herself on the rock from the beginning of harvest until the late rains poured
of harvest until the late rains poured
of harvest until the late rains poured on them from heaven and she did not
on them from heaven and she did not
on them from heaven and she did not allow the birds of the air to rest on
allow the birds of the air to rest on
allow the birds of the air to rest on them by day nor the beasts of the field
them by day nor the beasts of the field
them by day nor the beasts of the field by night and david was told what whisper
by night and david was told what whisper
by night and david was told what whisper the daughter of age the concubine of
the daughter of age the concubine of
the daughter of age the concubine of soul had done then david went and took
soul had done then david went and took
soul had done then david went and took the bones of soul and the bones of
the bones of soul and the bones of
the bones of soul and the bones of jonathan his son from the men of jabish
jonathan his son from the men of jabish
jonathan his son from the men of jabish Gilead who had stolen them from the
Gilead who had stolen them from the
Gilead who had stolen them from the street of beth shean where the
street of beth shean where the
street of beth shean where the philistines had hung them up after the
philistines had hung them up after the
philistines had hung them up after the philistines had struck down soul in
philistines had struck down soul in
philistines had struck down soul in Gilboa so he brought up the bones of
Gilboa so he brought up the bones of
Gilboa so he brought up the bones of soul and the bones of jonathan his son
soul and the bones of jonathan his son
soul and the bones of jonathan his son from there and they gathered the bones
from there and they gathered the bones
from there and they gathered the bones of those who had been hanged they buried
of those who had been hanged they buried
of those who had been hanged they buried the bones of soul and Jonathan his son
the bones of soul and Jonathan his son
the bones of soul and Jonathan his son in the country of Benjamin in xela in
in the country of Benjamin in xela in
in the country of Benjamin in xela in the tomb of Kish his father so they
the tomb of Kish his father so they
the tomb of Kish his father so they performed all that the king commanded
performed all that the king commanded
performed all that the king commanded and after that God heeded the prayer for
and after that God heeded the prayer for
and after that God heeded the prayer for the land when the Philistines were at
the land when the Philistines were at
the land when the Philistines were at war again with Israel David and his
war again with Israel David and his
war again with Israel David and his servants with him went down and fought
servants with him went down and fought
servants with him went down and fought against the Philistines and David grew
against the Philistines and David grew
against the Philistines and David grew faint then ish by Bernard who was one of
faint then ish by Bernard who was one of
faint then ish by Bernard who was one of the sons of the giant the weight of
the sons of the giant the weight of
the sons of the giant the weight of whose bronze spear was three hundred
whose bronze spear was three hundred
whose bronze spear was three hundred shekels who was bearing a new sword for
shekels who was bearing a new sword for
shekels who was bearing a new sword for he could kill David but Abishai the son
he could kill David but Abishai the son
he could kill David but Abishai the son of Zahra ayah came to his aid and struck
of Zahra ayah came to his aid and struck
of Zahra ayah came to his aid and struck the Philistine and killed him then the
the Philistine and killed him then the
the Philistine and killed him then the men of David swore to him you shall go
men of David swore to him you shall go
men of David swore to him you shall go out no more with us to battle lest you
out no more with us to battle lest you
out no more with us to battle lest you quench the lamp of Israel
how it happened afterward but there was
how it happened afterward but there was again a battle with the Philistines at
again a battle with the Philistines at
again a battle with the Philistines at God then civic I that you sure fight
God then civic I that you sure fight
God then civic I that you sure fight killed South who was one of the sons of
killed South who was one of the sons of
killed South who was one of the sons of the giant again there was war at gob
the giant again there was war at gob
the giant again there was war at gob with the Philistines where our Hainan
with the Philistines where our Hainan
with the Philistines where our Hainan the son of Jerry Oregon the Bethlehem
the son of Jerry Oregon the Bethlehem
the son of Jerry Oregon the Bethlehem ight killed the brother of goliath the
ight killed the brother of goliath the
ight killed the brother of goliath the gittite the shaft of whose spear was
gittite the shaft of whose spear was
gittite the shaft of whose spear was like a Weaver's beam yet again there was
like a Weaver's beam yet again there was
like a Weaver's beam yet again there was war at Gath where there was a man of
war at Gath where there was a man of
war at Gath where there was a man of great stature who had six fingers on
great stature who had six fingers on
great stature who had six fingers on each hand and six toes on each foot 24
each hand and six toes on each foot 24
each hand and six toes on each foot 24 in number and he also was born to the
in number and he also was born to the
in number and he also was born to the Giant so when he defied Israel Jonathan
Giant so when he defied Israel Jonathan
Giant so when he defied Israel Jonathan the son of shamea David's brother killed
the son of shamea David's brother killed
the son of shamea David's brother killed him these four were born to the giant in
him these four were born to the giant in
him these four were born to the giant in Gath and fell by the hand of David and
Gath and fell by the hand of David and
Gath and fell by the hand of David and by the hand of his servants